last Christmas I gave you my heart but
the very next day you gave it away this
year lost Christmas I was really sick
and all my stuff save me from tears I
hope you like it
I'll give it to someone special but I
don't think no no Twitter yeah so tell
me about the diet she is eating rubbish
exercise at all
oh she's like the pirate Vina Jenna hey
it's me listen I just really need a bed
for the night just hey oh this is my
little helper I have nicknames are lazy
that out because she appears never to
walk dance with me she could also be
called crushing disappointment
what are you looking at it's quite usual
to see a bird like man counting oh it's
good luck you know bollocks is it Oh
you have thrown away your life working
in some silly Christmas shop yes that's
all I do do a lot career elf
it's all part of my grand plans with I'm
a famous singer last Christmas gave him
a fantastic banter oh sorry no no no it
was did you follow me here are
elves always so cynical relentlessly
these are dark times did you come with
me though
listen I never told you there's
something slightly serial pillory about
you know never more than once anyway I
really enjoyed our walk today this is
gonna be good for my sex life since you
came back just like you don't care about
anything I'm a mess when I was killed
it felt like I'd lost something special
I could sing before I had all these
dreams but scared all the time that's
okay isn't normal
[Music]
why me it was always gonna be you
we
lucky to be alive I like this man
[Music]
[Applause]
now what how was it home hell I'm
somewhere to sleep you're the only
person who can make being son to sleep
sound like water pudding
[Music]